# I suck at writing. That's why I'm starting a blog.

I'm miserable at writing. Especially when the text I'm writing matters to me. Or if there're some consequences when I don't write the thing right. Writing the master and bachelor thesis were the most difficult parts of my university studies. Replying to an important email might be two or three hour job sometimes. Even for a simple stuff like writing a response for a landlord when looking for a new apartment. It's not the speed of typing that's blocking me though. At least I don't think so. It's the speed of converting my thoughts into words that's blocking me. I'm just overthinking and rephrasing multiple times every word and every sentence I write. 

Sometimes it's really important to do so - especially in programming, where clarity and bravity is one of the most important things I focus on. There I know it is definitely worth to rephrase the explainatory comments or variable name several times. I just have to learn not to write the rutine daily human-to-human communication in the same style, since it's very time consuming and understandably not even appreciated by the other side.

As of November I'm starting to work at a startup called Betterstack. During the interview process I had a chance to see how fast they're able to write and react to important decisions. They've litteraly agreed on and closed a micro investment in their company within - wait for it – just one afternoon. Or the response times for a trivial support requests were within minutes. I was star-strucked. It seems like their limit is just a speed of typing. I want and I need to be like that. This is currently the main thing that's blocking me from being a more productive person. 

Best way how to improve at something is just to practice it regularly. That's what I'm trying to do with this blog. Every day I'm gonna reserve 30 minutes from my day. 15 minutes for writing, 15 minutes for a review and publishing. I hope that till November I'll improve enough, so I can keep up with the pace they at Betterstack seem to have. Tik tok, time's up.